# Enterprise Terms

### In addition to the [Terms of Service](https://toast.ninja/legal/terms-of-service) for non-enterprise Toast, the following terms also apply to ToastE customers:

* **Definitions** _Customer_ refers to you, the company entering into this agreement in order to use the Software. ****_Documentation_ refers to these help pages as well as any supporting materials related to the ToastE service provided to you. _Fees/Payment_ refers to the required fees you pay in order to use the Software during the applicable Subscription Term, as agreed upon in the Order. _Order_ refers to written or electronic documentation \(including a quote\) between the Parties. _Parties_ refers to you, the Customer, and us, Toast Ninja Inc. \(i.e. Toast, and the Toast Team\). _Seats_ refers to the license assigned to each User to install, operate, access, and use the Software on Customer's behalf. _Software_ refers to Toast's proprietary software services, which includes, but is not limited to, Toast for Enterprise \(i.e. ToastE\) kit, service, and any associated products. _Subscription_ _Term_ refers to the term for which you have paid to use the Software, subject to renewal as detailed below. _Support_ refers to technical support for the Software that the Toast Team may provide. _User_ refers to a single person or bot user that executes or interacts with our Software.
* **Effective Date** These terms are effective immediately when you receive your ToastE kit. By using the Software, you acknowledge and agree to these terms.
* **Distribution** You may not publish or redistribute our Software, source code, or registry access key.
* **Rights** We retain all rights to Toast, ToastE, and respective source code. By paying for the Software, you are paying for the temporary right to run and use the Software on your own infrastructure. 
* **License** When you purchase the Software, you are granted an enterprise license that is non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, royalty-free, limited-term license to install and use the Software for your internal business purposes during the applicable Subscription Term, in accordance with the documentation, and only for a predetermined allowance of Seats stated in your Order. We do not put a hard stop on the usage of ToastE. We review the monthly usage and communicate as needed with your enterprise point of contact to discuss licensed seats increase.
* **Seats** ToastE seats are granted on a per user basis and multiple users may not use the same ToastE seat. Seats are evaluated based on unique GitHub users added to the Toast app.
* **Trial** Trial date is defined as when the service is first fully setup \(upon completion of the Enterprise Setup steps in these docs\). The default trial length is 14 days. [Contact us](support.md) if you need a custom arrangement. At the culmination of your trial, your Subscription Term commences, and we will send you a private link for payment. If you elect not to move forward with the Software service, you must stop running the Software, and remove the Software and all associated images and files from your hardware.
* **Fees** Subscription Terms are monthly by default, and renewed at the end of each Subscription Term. Payments are also made monthly. If at any time you discontinue payment, your right to run and use the Software is null and void. At that time, you must stop running the Software. After 30 days, if you haven't resumed payments, you must remove the the Software and all associated images and files from your hardware.
* **Development and Support** Enterprise Support may require additional resources that the Toast Team is happy to provide. However, if any extraneous development or support is required \(as requested by you, or as determined by the Toast Team\), we will reach out with a quote prior to starting work. Toast Team will proceed only after Parties reach agreement. 
* **Change of Management** If ever there is a change of management \(e.g. acquisition\), these terms may be subject to renegotiation.
* **Brand** It is required to comply with Toast's [Brand Guidelines](brand-guidelines.md) during installation and use of Software. If you wish to white label the Software for internal use, please [contact us](support.md).
* **Privacy** ToastE does not store any sensitive information about your organization or intellectual property. It only stores aggregate metadata about app usage.
* **Compliance** ToastE does not send any information to external sources with the exception of Slack, and via that connection, we track app usage for product development research and contract compliance.
* **Custom Arrangements** Custom Arrangements with the Toast Team will only be honored if obtained in writing.

